Who land
Lu Chengyu?
He made a guarantee before I shot
Speaking of which, you should thank him Lu Chengyu
Why don't you know about this?
Why did he do that?
He asked me for help many times
Just to get Mr. Joe out of bankruptcy
I went to your wedding room, do you remember?
We had a bad day.
Remember when you weren't thin yet
However, Mr. Lu treats you very well
Although it is a business marriage
But he is willing to sacrifice his own interests
To help your father pay off his debt
that day
Lu Chengyu said that he has something very important to discuss with you
It turned out to be to help my dad pay off his debt
Yeah, why do you look so surprised?
Didn't he tell you?
Manman, I really don't know about this.
I always thought it was Mrs. Chen who helped
dare not be
Your mess was so big
No one dared to help
It was Mr. Lu who took out tens of billions of guarantees as sincerity
I just shot
I dare not take this credit slowly